{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What convolution layer learns about the data? 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 The main purpose of Convolution layer is to exploit the spatial correlation within the given kernel size. It learns filters that are activated in case of some specific type of features are observed at some spatial position in the input. 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 What are the improvements after including convolution layer? 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Convolution layers don\'92t make any different in accuracy on the results but for the ideal scenario layers should have improve results because it increases size of the window. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Why Max Pooling is necessary to add after convolution layer and what it does? 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 The main objective of Max pooling is to down samples the features which are learnt during the convolution layer. There are two main advantages of max pooling. 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Is adding more and more layers is always a better choice? Argue on why or why not? 
\fs24 \
there is no specific formula for adding layers in the neral network to increase performance. This generally depends from case to case. Therefore we cannot say that adding layers is better choice to improve accuracy.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Now that you have implemented so many things, what do you think deep learning is? 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Deep learning (also known as deep structured learning or hierarchical learning) is part of a broader family of machine learning methods based on learning data representations, as opposed to task-specific algorithms. Learning can be supervised, partially supervised or unsupervised. Some representations are loosely based on interpretation of information processing and communication patterns in a biological nervous system, such as neural coding that attempts to define a relationship between various stimuli and associated neuronal responses in the brain. 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
}